# Best websites for Shader Demos
https://compute.toys/
https://www.shadertoy.com/
https://webgpu.github.io/webgpu-samples/

# WebGPU spec
https://gpuweb.github.io/gpuweb/#texel-block

# Learn WebGPU
https://sotrh.github.io/learn-wgpu/

# WIKI OpenGL shader language
https://www.khronos.org/opengl/wiki/Image_Load_Store

# GLSL color formats
https://www.khronos.org/registry/OpenGL-Refpages/gl4/html/glTexImage2D.xhtml

# About storage texture vs sampled textures
https://github.com/gpuweb/gpuweb/issues/513

# Vortex Shredding Simulation
https://experiments.withgoogle.com/vortex-shedding-fluid-simulation

# Fluid simulation shaders
http://www.amandaghassaei.com/projects/shaders/

# 2d GI
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/lltcRN

# WebGPU Rust Mipmap example
https://github.com/gfx-rs/wgpu-rs/blob/master/examples/mipmap/main.rs

# Blog article about WHSL
https://webkit.org/blog/8482/web-high-level-shading-language/

# Nicely explained fluid simulations
http://jamie-wong.com/2016/08/05/webgl-fluid-simulation/

# Fluid graphics
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/WdyGzy
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/WdVXWy
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/tsKXR3
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/4tGfDW

# Difference sampler and image
https://computergraphics.stackexchange.com/questions/3998/what-is-the-difference-between-a-sampler-and-an-image-variables-in-glsl

# WebGL fluid code
https://github.com/haxiomic/GPU-Fluid-Experiments

# Webgl fluid code 2
https://github.com/PavelDoGreat/WebGL-Fluid-Simulation/blob/master/script.js

# Fluid simulation shaders
https://github.com/amandaghassaei/FluidSimulation

# Particle hydrodynamics
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/ldy3D1

particle tracking
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/4lVfzh

smoothed particle hydrodynamics
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/4sKGDK

fluid with vorticity confinement
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/tssGDN

cool waterfall
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/4lcfDl

optimized fluid
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/tt2GRV

easiest fluid (do this one first)
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/4lyBDW

unsteady fluid
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/4lycW

very intersting fluid simulation. 4 times the same script
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/XtGcDK

line tracking fluid
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/tsKXzd

SPH
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/tdXBRf

advancement in fluid sim
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/WltXWN

fluid density consideration
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/3sKXzW

pretty easy fluid simulation
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/4ltBWj

robust fluid
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/WdGXRG

rather short fluid
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/3tcSDj

# Chimeras breath 2D Fluid
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/4tGfDW

# FFT fluid
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/3dXXWN

# Surface Forces
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/WtySzV

# SPH
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/ttVGW1

# Fluid dynamics with pressure and possoin
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/llXfRn

# 2-Phase fluid
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/wtVGzW
looks intersting and short

# Multi color fluid, looks like an interesting code
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/3dsyRl

# 2 fluid
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/WtK3R

# Bad navier stokes maybe with a good explanation
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/tsK3DK

# Wyatt shaders
https://www.shadertoy.com/user/wyatt/sort=newest&from=0&num=8

# Celerity, nice colors, and maybe last from wyatt
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/3djcWK

# Code for easy waterfall
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/lt3BWX

# Dry ice, cool
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/WlVyRV

# Cool coloring of fluids
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/MsGSRd
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/tsKXR3

# cool explosion colors
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/lsySzd

# Paint streams paint two colors. Very interesting code
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/WtfyDj

# Precalculated Voronoi Heightmap
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/ldtGWj

# another good and easy 2D Light
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/lldcDf

# the slow 2d gi
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/lltcRN

# 2D Light using Quad Tree. Very interesting

https://www.shadertoy.com/view/DslSDM


# 3D raymarching cornell box. 3D global illumination, but fast somehow
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/4ssGzS
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/3dfGR2

# 2D angular sampling?
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/Xdf3zB

# diffuse global illumination
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/4dyBRK

# 2d path tracer
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/Dd3XW4

# triangle distance 3d gi
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/4sXXRN

# triangle intersection
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/MlGcDz
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/XdjSDy

# list of intersection shaders
https://www.shadertoy.com/playlist/l3dXRf

# better sampling?
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/mdX3Wn

# wavelet denoising
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/ctSGWm
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/mtlyW2

# LEGO denoising
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/msG3zG

# very good shaeders by Mathis
https://www.shadertoy.com/user/Mathis/sort=popular&from=8&num=8

# denoising and Screen-space radiosity (static) (Remarks. Screen-space radiosity is the standard)
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/fs2BR3

# Light Propagation volume
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/XdtSRn

#  Explicit Radiosity
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/slKXWV

# 2d Radiosity + Analytic Occlusion 
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/dtsSDB

# Bounding volume hierarchy
https://www.shadertoy.com/results?query=BVH

# better filtering
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/XsfGDn

# mandelbrot
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/ldf3DN

# very nice tunnel:
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/XdBSzd

# 2d Light Prpagation volume
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/fld3R4

# jump flodding
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/4syGWK

# Paper Cry Engine 3
https://advances.realtimerendering.com/s2009/Light_Propagation_Volumes.pdf

# light propagation 3d
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/XdtSRn
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/4d3fWX

# 3d light propagation explained
https://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.233.104&rep=rep1&type=pdf

# another 2d light
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/XdjGDm

# another 2d light propagation  
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/tdBXzh

# another 2d light
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/XsK3RR

# 2d pixel perfect shadows
https://github.com/mattdesl/lwjgl-basics/wiki/2D-Pixel-Perfect-Shadows

# 2d clouds
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/WdXBW4

# WebGPU fluid
https://compute.toys/view/167

# 2D Lighting with cascades. Pretty cool
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/mtlBzX

# Another jump flood algorithm
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/DdS3zm

# Analytic 2d lighting 
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/dlcXR4

# 3D water with SPH. Very smooth
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/dscfRf

# Cool, with very low lines of code
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/cstfz2

# Fluid
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/MdSczK

# awesome music
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/dlGyzD

# color FBM
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/DlVcRm

# good description of 2d fluid simulation
https://andrewkchan.dev/posts/fire.html